in those days Hezekiah was sick and near
death and Isaiah the prophet the son of
Amos went to him
thus says the Lord set your house in
order for you shall die and not live
then he turned his face toward the wall
and pray to the Lord
remember now O Lord I pray oh I have
walked before you in truth and with the
loyal heart and have done what was good
in your sight and Hezekiah wept bitterly
and it happened before Isaiah had gone
out into the middle court that the word
of the Lord came to him return and tell
Hezekiah the leader of my people thus
says the Lord the God of David your
father I have heard your prayer I have
seen your tears surely I will heal on
the third day you shall go up to the
house of the Lord and I will add to your
days 15 years I will deliver you and
this city from the hand of the king of
Assyria and I will defend this city for
my own sake and for the sake of my
servant David then Isaiah said take a
lump of thigs
so they took and laid it on the boil and
he recovered and Hezekiah said to Isaiah
what is the sign that the Lord will heal
me and that I shall go up to the house
of the Lord the third day this is the
sign to you from the Lord that the Lord
will do the thing which he has spoken
shall the shadow go forward 10 degrees
or go backward ten degrees a this an
easy thing for the shadow to go down 10
degrees
no but let the shadow go backward ten
degrees so Isaiah the prophet cried out
to the Lord and he brought the shadow 10
degrees backward by which it had gone
down on the sundial of Ahaz at that time
biro deck ballad am the son of balidaan
king of babylon sent letters and a
present to Hezekiah for he heard that
Hezekiah had been sick and Hezekiah was
attentive to them and showed them all
the house of his treasures the silver
and gold the spices and precious
ointment and all his armory all that was
found among his treasures there was
nothing in his house or in all his
Dominion that Hezekiah did not show them
then Isaiah the prophet went to King
Hezekiah and said to him what did these
men say and from where did they come to
you they came from a far country from
Babylon what have they seen in your
house they have seen all that is in my
house there is nothing among my
treasures that I have not shown here the
word of the Lord behold the days are
coming when all that is in your house
and what your fathers have accumulated
until this day shall be carried to
Babylon nothing shall be left says the
Lord and they shall take away some of
your sons who will descend from you whom
you will beget and they shall be eunuchs
in the palace of the king of Babylon the
word of the Lord which you have spoken
is good for he said will there not be
peace and truth at least in my days now
the rest of the acts of Hezekiah all his
might and how he made a pool and a
tunnel and brought water into the city
are they not written in the book of the
chronicles of the kings of Judah
so Hezekiah rested with his father's
then Manasseh his son reigned in his
place